Support transfers with 24h validity period (#3487)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/release_notes_upcoming.rst

         This also disables the choice ``AmuletRules_ComputeFees`` as it always returned 0. Application providers that statically
         link against ``splice-amulet`` will need to remove usages of this choice when recompiling against the new ``splice-amulet`` version.

    - Support 24h signing delays for token standard CC transfers and allocations

      - This change concern the CC implementation of the token standard APIs,
        so no change is required for clients of these APIs to make use of the
        new 24h submission delay. However, Scan returns a slightly different choice
        context, so make sure that your app passes that along opaquely.

>       - As part of this change additional constraints are imposed on ``AmuletConfig``. All of these constraints

Reviewer: Consider calling out that the call to `AmuletRules_Transfer` is gone, as can be seen from https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/splice/pull/3487/changes?show-viewed-files=true#diff-cd68128d3418c71f51c661cf3aa7405664acb613ebbd6d3eaabf7352168414c2

           so no change is required for clients of these APIs to make use of the
           new 24h submission delay. However, Scan returns a slightly different choice
           context, so make sure that your app passes that along opaquely.
         - As part of this change additional constraints are imposed on ``AmuletConfig``. All of these constraints
           are satisfied by the current configs on DevNet, TestNet and MainNet:

           - CC usage fees can no longer be set to non-zero values. They were set to zero in CIP 78.

           - ``extraFeaturedAppRewardAmount`` can no longer be set to a different value than ``featuredAppActivityMarkerAmount``.
             Both of those are currently set to $1.

           - The config schedule on ``AmuletRules`` can no longer contain ``futureValues``. The ability to do so through the UI was removed in CIP 51 but
             in theory it would have still been possible to set this through internal APIs.

         - This does change transaction structure, in particular, ``AmuletRules_Transfer`` is no longer a child node of the token standard operations and some other choices.

>            Token standard compliant history parsing should not require adjustments however apps that parses the Splice choices directly may need to be adjusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           Token standard compliant history parsing should not require adjustments. However apps and wallets that parse the Splice choices directly may need to be adjusted.
```

I have the suspicion that certain wallet providers do their own parsing to safeguard their users. They will need to adjust. Consider calling out this aspect using `.. important::` with a clear call to action.
